Dashing release (#237)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Releases/Release-Dashing-Diademata.rst

New features in this ROS 2 release
----------------------------------

A few features and improvements we would like to highlight:

* `Components <https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Tutorials/Composition/>`__ are now the recommended way to write your node.
  They can be used standalone as well as being composed within a process and both ways are fully support from ``launch`` files.
* The `intra-process communication <https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation/edit/master/source/Tutorials/Intra-Process-Communication.rst>`__ (C++ only) has been improved - both in terms of latency as well as minimizing copies.
* The Python client library has been updated to match most of the C++ equivalent and some important bug fixes and improvements have landed related to memory usage and performance.
* Parameters are now a complete alternative to ``dynamic_reconfigure`` from ROS 1 including constraints like ranges or being read-only.
* By relying on (a subset of) `IDL 4.2 <https://www.omg.org/spec/IDL/4.2>`__ for the message generation pipeline it is now possible to use `.idl` files (beside `.msg` / `.srv` / `.action` files).

>   This change comes with support for optional UTF-8 encoding for ordinary strings as well as UTF-16 encoded multi-byte string (see `wide strings design article <http://design.ros2.org/articles/wide_strings.html>`__).

Reviewer: @dirk-thomas nit: consider
```suggestion
  This change comes with support for optional UTF-8 encoding for ordinary strings as well as UTF-16 encoded multi-byte strings (see `wide strings design article <http://design.ros2.org/articles/wide_strings.html>`__).
```
instead

* Command line tools related to `actions` and `components`.
* Support for Deadline, Lifespan & Liveliness quality of service settings.
* MoveIt 2 `alpha release <https://github.com/AcutronicRobotics/moveit2/releases/tag/moveit_2_alpha>`__.

> Please see the `Dashing meta ticket <https://github.com/ros2/ros2/issues/607>`__ on GitHub which contains more informations as well as references specific tickets with more details.

Reviewer: @dirk-thomas nit: consider
```suggestion
Please see the `Dashing meta ticket <https://github.com/ros2/ros2/issues/607>`__ on GitHub, which contains more information as well as references to specific tickets with additional details.
```
instead.
